README.md, before:

## Paradigm, Model and Application: A Systematic Survey of Neural Code Intelligence
This is the repository of survey poapaer: **Paradigm, Model and Application: A Systematic Survey of Neural Code Intelligence**.

 [[Paper](https://qiushisun.github.io/)]
 
[![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2304.00685-b31b1b.svg)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.00685) 
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity) 
[![PR's Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/qiushi_sun)](https://twitter.com/qiushi_sun)

*Please do not hesitate to contact us or launch pull requests if you find any related papers that are missing here.*

## News 📰
Last update on 2023/12/25, Merry Christmas🍎🎄

## Introduction 📜

Introducing our survey paper.


## Paper Collections 📚

- [Language Models for Code](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/CodeLMs.md) 🤖
- [Evaluations and Benchmarks](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/Benchmarks.md) 📊 
- [Code Repair](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/Repair.md) 🔧
- [Reasoning with Code Synthesis](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/Reasoning.md) 🧠
- [Data Science](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/DS.md) 🔢
- [Corpus containing Code Data](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/Code-corpus.md) 📚

## Citation 📖

If you are interested in our work, please use the following citation format when referencing our paper:# NCISurvey

Commit message:

update: timeline figure and authors

README.md, after:

## Paradigm, Model and Application: A Systematic Survey of Neural Code Intelligence
This is the repository of survey poapaer: **Paradigm, Model and Application: A Systematic Survey of Neural Code Intelligence**.

 [[Paper](https://qiushisun.github.io/)]
 
[![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2304.00685-b31b1b.svg)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.00685) 
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity) 
[![PR's Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/qiushi_sun)](https://twitter.com/qiushi_sun)

*Please do not hesitate to contact us or launch pull requests if you find any related papers that are missing here.*

## News 📰
Last update on 2023/12/25, Merry Christmas🍎🎄

## Introduction 📜

>[**Paradigm, Model and Application: A Systematic Survey of Neural Code Intelligence**](qiushisun.github.io) <br>
>
> [Qiushi Sun](qiushisun.github.io),
[Zhirui Chen](https://github.com/jet1004),
[Fangzhi Xu](https://xufangzhi.github.io/),
[Zhangyue Yin](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=9gRQqSkAAAAJ&hl=en),
[Chengcheng Han](https://hccngu.github.io/),
[Jianing Wang](https://wjn1996.github.io/), and
more authors to be announced

Introducing our survey paper.

## Timeline

<details open>
<summary>The Development of Code Intelligence</summary>

![foundation_models](assets/nci-timeline.png)


## Paper Collections 📚

- [Language Models for Code](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/CodeLMs.md) 🤖
- [Evaluations and Benchmarks](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/Benchmarks.md) 📊 
- [Code Repair](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/Repair.md) 🔧
- [Reasoning with Code Synthesis](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/Reasoning.md) 🧠
- [Data Science](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/DS.md) 🔢
- [Corpus containing Code Data](https://github.com/QiushiSun/NCISurvey/blob/main/Code-corpus.md) 📚

## Citation 📖

If you are interested in our work or find this repository helpful, please use the following citation format when referencing our paper:

```bibtex
@article{sun2023code,
  title   = {Paradigm, Model and Application: A Systematic Survey of Neural Code Intelligence},
  author  = {TBD authors},
  journal = {arXiv preprint arXiv:2312.11562},
  year    = {2023}
}
```
